You probably think college students are experts at sleeping, but parties—preparations for test personal problems and generally stress can  rewrite a student’s sleep habits which can be bad for the body and  for mind. Texas University is even offering a class called improving your sleep habits. People suffering from sleep loss are suffering increased risk from obesity 1.psychological problems and car crashes. Students who don’t get enough sleep have poor attendance and lower grades. On top of all that, a new study published in the journey “Learning and Memory” finds you are probably better sleeping than making last-minute preparations for your test. 200 hundred college kids were talked about unfamiliar video games. Subjects who learn the games in the morning lost some skills when they played again 12 hours later. 2.But they did much better after getting a good sleep. So if you really want to do your job well, don’t forget to get some sleep.

　　1.What is the news report mainly about?

　　2.What is the finding of the new study published in the journey learning and memory?

　　News 2:

　 　Longquses, the late flights are over-crowing at airports have become a almost much-talked topic conversation in Britain, as the traditional complaining about the weather. Meanwhile, there are complains that the poor service at London’s major airports is discouraging foreigners’ business in Britain. Much of the criticism is directed the British airport authority, which runs 7 major airports, including the 3 main ones serving in London. (3)The competition commission is now to investigate whether the British airport authority needs to set off some the attacks. The idea is the competition between rival operators would lead to better service at airports. The British authority, recently bought by a Spanish company, says the route cause of the problem is not the ownership structure, (4) but a lack of long-way internal capacity, which is addressing through a program of heading investment.

　　Q3:What is the competition commission is going to investigate?

　　Q4: What is the route cause of the poor service at British airport according to the British airport authority?

　　News 3:

　 　She says Tobacco companies have to measure the nicotine content of every type of cigarettes and report the result. 5.The department of public health in Boston gather and make conclusions 1600 brains the can make contents 6.79 with young smokers that worries the department nature that in San Francisco 10 percent higher than it was 16 years ago. Which means that is easier than 7.big company has always insisted that they are frank with the customers about dangerous smokers with enough detail to make decision. However, one of studies. And will discuss the detail contents of their products.

　　5.What do tobacco company do under the law

　　6.What do we learn from the study by public health in Boston?

　　7.What do we learn from the news report about big tobacco company?

　　SectionB

　　Question 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　　Conversation 1.

　 　Man: You know one thing that I want to ask you, it is greatly you have happy experiences of teaching in Indonesia and following are what you have just mentioned. What would you to recommend for students to not live in English speaking country? And you know, they want to learn. I don’t know about affecting but they want at least to communicate decently. How can we go about this?

　 　Woman: Yeah, it is really hard. That is the real struggle because right now (8) I do live in Holland but I really don’t socialize with those people. And my boyfriend’s English is so good that we just basically speak English all the time. So I have to make a real effort to practice. There are much exposure that I want. All I need to do is to turn on the TV.

　　Man: And reading also, right?

　 　Woman: Yeah, reading. There are plenty I can read and listen to. But  for speaking, there really is no substitute for time to use and speak the language in a relaxed atmosphere. So I think that is really the  challenge for people who live in a country (9)where their target language isn’t spoken. And for that, gush, what would I do? If I don’t have people here, (10) probably try to find a club? In Sweden, they have a really cool system called study circles where it’s not. (11) It’s like a course, but really you just have a course leader, who is there sort of having a coaching guy and to help out. And you don’t get grades, and you go just because you want to learn.

　　Q8: Where does the woman live rightnow?

　　Q9:What does the woman say is the real challenge?

　　Q10: What does the woman suggest doing to learn to speak a foreign language?

　　Q11: What does the woman say about the study circles in Sweden?

　　8 A) Holland B) Indonesia C) England D) Sweden

　　9 A) Talking with her boyfriend in Dutch B) Acquiring the necessary ability to socialize

　　C) Getting a coach who can offer real help D. Learning a language where it is not spoken

　　10. A) practicing reading aloud as often as possible

　　B) Listening to languages programs on the radio

　　C) Trying to speak it as much as one can

　　D) Making friends with native speakers

　　11. A) It provides opportunities for language practice

　　B) It trains young people’s leadership abilities

　　C) It offers various courses with credit points

　　D) It creates an environment for socializing

　　Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　　Conversation2

　　W: OK, Nathan, we are talking driving. Are there any rules you’d like to change?

　 　M: Sure, I want to change rules. I like the police to be strict with  the rules. Like, if the people jump the traffic lights, i don’t know if why there is no camera under the traffic lights to stop people from doing that. Or there is speeding, it is very easy to put speed cameras in certain places.

　　W: Maybe car manufacturers should have some responsibilities in limiting the power of their engines. What’s the point of producing the engines that is powerful enough to get 200 kilometers /h when the speed limit is only 100.

　　M: Right. There is no speed limit in Germany

　 　W; People there drive responsible, though. Often, people break the law simply because the law is there. If the law isn’t there, people will  drive with their ability range. When they got speed limits, this creates situation actually present dangers on the road.

　　M: Do you think Germans have better education on the personal responsibility when driving?

　　W: Possibly, they have very good cars,

　　M: Right.

　　W: If you’ve got good cars and go at a high speed, it is very nice to do that.

　　M: i still with care.

　　W: so that is restriction that creates dangers sometimes

　　MOK

　　W: Obviously, when driving through residential areas where there is a  school, you have help from speed policeman

　　M; speed-bumps
  
  W: yes, the speed-bumps, they help you to slow down.

　　M: So you don’t think funding people is useful?

　　W: Not really, because the police don’t have time to police every single driver.

　　12. What do the speakers mainly talking about?

　　13. What do you think the car manufacturers should do?

　　14. What can we learn about people driving in Germany?

　　15. what did the women advise the man to do?

　　Section C

　　Passage One

　　Questions 16 to 18 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　 　Behind the cards register at store in downtown San Francisco. Sam Azar swipes his credit card to pay for a pack of cigarettes. The store’s  card beater fail to scan the card’s man-made script. Azar tried again and again, no luck. As customers began to queue, Mr. Azar reached beneath  the counter for a plastic black bag. He ripes one wear the plastic on the card and tried again. Success, the send was completed. I don’t know how it works. It just does, said Mr. Azar who learned the trick for another clerk. Therefore, the company that makes the store card reader would not confirm or deny that plastic bag trick worked. But it is one of the many low tech fixes for high tech failure that people went out engineering degrees have to discovered often out of destination and shared. Today’s shaky economy is likely to produce many more such tricks. In postwar Japan, the economy is doing the great, so you could not use news items like household clears. Says Liti Katiyama, author of Yowaza, a book named after the Japanese term for clever lifestyles and tricks. So people look for ways, today the Americans are finding their own tips and tricks malfunctioning devices with supplies simple as paper and glue. Some like Mr. Azar, plastic bags are open to argument as the holiday work, whether they really at work at all. But many tech can be explained by a little science.

　　16. What happened when Sam Azar swiped his credit card to pay for his  purchase?

　　17. How did Sam Azar manage to complete his sale?

　　18. What is today’s shaky economy likely to do?

　　16. C .17. B. 18. A

　　Passage two

　　Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　 　If you are a graduate student, you may depend on your adviser for many things including help with improving graduates,financial support,forming and examining committee and getting letters of recommendation. If you are a graduate teaching assistant,your adviser may be your boss. Academic apartments vary in procedure for assigning academic advisers to graduate students. In some departments, either the chairman or director of graduate studies serves to relive semester as a new student adviser. Then students select adviser based on shared academic interests. In other departments, a new student is assigned a adviser based on some distribution of departments advisers. Graduates you must have among differing departments Later students may have opportunity to select adviser they prefer. 20.In many cases,new graduate students can learn who advisers or temporary advisers are by visiting or emailing departmental office by asking information. 21 Graduation requires specifies of the number you must earn own average you must achieve and distribution of graduates you must have for among differing study. In addition, it is necessary to apply for graduation, when you near the final, you will be completing graduation requirements. Since Some graduation requirements vary among the university. You should consult information, you should also direct to question or departmental office on  academic adviser.

　　19 what does the speaker say about procedures for assigning academic advisers?

　　20 how can graduate students learn who their advisers are?

　　21what does the speaker say about the graduation requirements?

　　Passage Three

　　Question 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

　 　Joly Hoberd is a diet and nutrition expert who travels around the state to speak in middle and high schools. She primarily speaks to students in health classes but sometimes the school will arrange for her to speak to several different groups of girls. Her biggest concern is the  emphasis American culture places business and negative ways of these girls today. Joly has the Ph.D nutrition but more important, she has personal experience, her mother tell her to diet when she was only 8 years old. Joly has created several different presentations, which she gives to different types of audiences and she tries to establish an emotional connection with the students so that they will feel comfortable when asking questions or talking to her privately. She shows the pictures and images from popular culture of beautiful women and explain how computers are used to make the women look even more often and beautiful than their lives. She describes how the definition of beauty has changed over the years and even from culture to culture. She went on talks at issues and physical damage that can occur the result of dieting. Finally, she addresses self-respect and that notion the person sense of beauty must include more of person ways. Sometimes Joly feels that she succeeds persuading some students to cease dieting and other times she feels that she fails.

　　22. A) Ph.D. Candidates in dieting B) Students majoring in nutrition

　　C) Students in health classes D) Middle and high school teachers

　　23. A) its emphasis on thinners B) it changes the criteria for beauty

　　C) Its mistaken conception of nutrition D) its overestimate of the effect of dieting.

　　24. A) to demonstrate the magic effect of dieting on women

　　B) to explain how computer images can be misleading

　　C) to prove that technology has impacted our culture

　　D) to illustrate her point that beauty is but skin deep.

　　25. A)to help students rid themselves of bad living habits

　　B) to establish an emotional connection with students

　　C) to promote her own concept of beauty

　　D) to persuade girls to stop dieting.

　　答案：

　　1.C) Rising unemployment worldwide.

　　2.C) Few countries have realized the seriousness of the current crisis.

　　3.B) Put calorie information on the menu.

　　4.A) They will be fined.

　　5.D) Failure to integrate innovation into their business.

　　6.B) It is the creation of something new.

　　7.C) Its innovation culture.

　　8.D)He does not talk long on the phone.

　　9.B) talk at length.

　　10.A) He thought it was cool.

　　11.C) It is childish and unprofessional.

　　12.A) He wants to change his job assignment.

　　13.A) His workload was much too heavy.

　　14.C) His boss has a lot of trust in him.

　　15.D) Talk to his boss in person first.

　　16 A) The importance of sleep to a healthy life

　　17 C) They get less and less sleep

　　18 D) Their blood pressure will rise

　　19.B) What course you are going to choose

　　20.D) The personal statement

　　21.C) Indicate they have reflected and thought about the subject

　　22 B) It was built in the late 19th century.

　　23 D) They often broke down.

　　24 A) They were produced on the assembly line.

　　25 C) It marked a new era in motor travel.
