　　Part III Listening Comprehension 1


　　Questions 19-22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　　W: Good afternoon, Mr. Jones. I am Teresa Chen, and I’ll be interviewing you. How are you today?

　　M: I am fine, thank you. And you, Miss Chen?

　　W: Good, Thanks. Can you tell me something about your experience in this kind of work?

　　M: Well, for several years, I managed a department for the Brownstone Company in Detroit, Michigan. Now I work part time because I also go to school at night. I’m getting a business degree.

　　W: Oh, how interesting. Tell me, why do you want to leave your present job?

　　M: I’ll finish school in a few months, and I’d like a full-time position with more responsibility.

　　W: And why would you like to work for our company?

　　M: Because I know your company’s work and I like it.

　　W: Could you please tell me about your special skills and interests?

　　M: Of course, I’m good at computers and I can speak Spanish. I used to take classes in Spanish at the local college. And I like travelling a lot.

　　W: Can you give me any references?

　　M: Yes, certainly. You can talk to Mr. McCaw, my boss, at the Brownstone Company. I could also give you the names and numbers of several of my teachers.

　　W: All right, Mr. Jones, and would you like to ask me any questions?

　　M: Yes, I wonder when I’ll be informed about my application for the job.

　　W: Well, we’ll let you know as soon as possible. Let’s stay in touch. Thank you very much for coming this afternoon.

　　M: Thank you.

　　Questions 19-22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　　19. What does the man say about his working experience?

　　20. Why does the man want to leave his present job?

　　21. What is the man interested in?

　　22. What question did the man ask the woman？



　　Part III Listening Comprehension 2



　　Questions 23-25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　　M: Lisa, Lisa! Over here, darling! It's wonderful to see you. Oh, Lisa, you look marvelous.

　　W: Oh, Paul, you look tired. Two months away in the capital? Paul, I think you've been working too hard.

　　M: I'm fine. The city is very hot this time of the year. It's good to get back to some fresh air. You know, Lisa, what they say about pregnant women really is true.

　　W: What's that Paul?

　　M: They say they look beautiful.

　　W: Well, I had a lot of tension while you've been studying hard on your course in D.C.

　　M: Oh?

　　W: Oh, don't worry, all from a man over 50. Father has told all his business friends the good news about the baby. And the phone hasn't stopped ringing.

　　M: Oh, look, darling. There's a taxi.

　　W: Paul, tell me about the special project you mentioned on the phone. You sounded very excited about it!

　　M: You know, I've learned a lot from the project. I'm surprised that was still in business.

　　W: That's because we have a wonderful sales manager ——you!

　　M: Thanks. But that's not the problem at all. Lisa, our little company, and it is little compared to the giants in the city. Our little company's in danger. We are out of date.We need to expand. If we don't, we will be swallowed up by one of the giants.

　　Questions 23-25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

　　23. What do we learn about Lisa?

　　24. What do we learn about the man from the conversation?

　　25. What does the man say about his company?
